hello very good to all with echo and
welcome to a new episode of the
weapons guide and in this case as you see
the title I'm going to analyze a little bit the
carbine covenant a weapon that butt
it's very, very bad at 26 it costs a lot
win with this weapon because very recently
damage but good let's start
analyze it
for the basic things he has then
as I said as I just said this
weapon has very little damage are you going to
need as a minimum charger medium
to kill someone then think that if
fails is a few shots or so these
already become three quarters of
charger or even a whole charger and
many times you will kill one and give us
the bullets from what's left of the charger
to kill another then we have to
Quickly change to the gun
secondary because my mother is going to
cost a lot to kill with this gun
because it is very bad to go to the good that
has is that it has very good precision
I was quite surprised at the
use it I've only used it for
is for this video for this guide and not
I'm going to manage to use it or it's
accelerate or clear but good me
he was quite surprised because you did not
I knew I had as good Ammo
reticle is not increased as the as the
of m & r that is like the light rifle
it does not increase so it always follows
same and that will give you continuous accuracy
all the time
and the good thing also that you have to
shoot very fast is semi automatic
as you will all know and
semiautomatic then if you have a
good trigger shoots pretty fast and
you can release all the bullets enough
quick the problem is that what not
does no harm then you need
many many many bullets to kill
one
and well I also recommend you to kill
with this weapon the types of game and
now decide on the types of game
because good in types of part of
killer for example the goal
The main thing is to kill your opponent.
say one in a one against one or in what
that is to kill your enemy and already
you have no other fixation in times
starting target for example as
you are watching crazy ball or it can be
capture the flag the goal of
enemies is not to kill you but to go to
for the purpose then that gives you a
little bit of distraction that can
help kill I 'm telling you that
can you help us that is going to make you kill
so how am I seeing in this
gameplay as many of the enemies are
they fix on the ball or whatever or
other enemies or in other companions
because it is very chaos is the type of departure
then that is going to make you catch
unprepared several enemies and os
help get more casualties
easy
then classes also classes os
I recommend that you always take
automatic sentinel because the sentinel
automatic helps you a lot if
you get to hit him a few shots for
the sentinel to an enemy that's going to
help remove a part of the shield and
so what's left of the shield is going to
give time to remove it with the carbine
and kill him because if you catch him with the
whole shield in a one against one in
against for example a weapon that is a lot
better than m & r because it's going to
destroy or destroy us because it is
MRT that kills twice before
that you can remove the shield with the
carbine then that helps the
sentinel because that's how it distracts
enemies and takes away part of the shield
that that always comes right then I
I'm going to advise two two things one thing
well survive a lot of time that is
If you survive time to spend
all the ammunition first you have to play
a little and see if you survive the time
enough to spend all the
ammunition if you run out of ammunition or what
let it be if you run out of ammunition and
you survive long enough
you must take
the ammunition advantage because well
will give more ammo and you will have more bullets
to shoot because we already know that a
charger to kill one then
imagine
then if you see if you see that you are with
the carbine and do not kill or osma so much
while we have time to spend all the time
ammunition do not ever stay without
ammunition what I recommend for maps
short-range because this weapon is
only short-range map map
that is, hey see things like that because others
maps like it's not going to be that not because
you're going to win the m & r insurance then
if you see that you are dying many not
gives time to spend all the ammunition and
all that
I recommend you take the recharge
fast because like that 6-3 body fight to
body recharge is faster and get
shoot more bullets in less time
then that always comes in handy and
It always helps if you do not wear the
recharge fast as the recharge
quick also gives you the change of weapon
faster what you have to carry is
a gun
I take the four runner pistol
always because it's the shotgun mode and
then it's also pretty good
shooting normal
So that if you take the study away
without ammunition the charger change
quickly and finish it off with the gun
that always comes well and that I do
quite in these gameplay in these
gameplays then then also what
good thing he has is that if the enemies
are pointing to the m & r by
example I already know that they have more damage than
carbine but still get shoot at
an enemy that is aiming with the
face with the tail with the carbine forgiveness
there goes that I swallow my mother if
you manage to shoot an enemy that
is pointing therefore with that of m & r the
weapon that is what destabilizes a lot
much much is the look is going to go
up completely I can not no
will be able to shoot unless you have the
advantage that it does not stabilize but
well that's something else
you are going to get him to remove the
zoom in the gun then that's going to
help a lot because that's the way
unsuspecting will take a while to
remove the zoom and all that then you go
to have more possible to kill
then I also recommend you take
many grenades in the advantage of
I also recommend grenades
I'm carrying it because if it's not going to be
impossible something you have to do is
Making the most of the stands is not
like m & r, how good can you give
like to carry grenades or not because of
four shots you kill but this one is very
advisable to carry grenades and the advantage
of grenades to carry three because well
granada you remove the shield to one or you
you want and that piece that you want is what
what you need to kill him with the rest
of the carbine's charger because he
It will not kill you faster and ran
all then carry grenades always and
use them as you never have
used because it is that if you do not dare with
this weapon you always have to do what
that is to take away the enemy shield
to the enemy and kill him you have to
use all possible tools
to help kill the enemy because
this weapon alone is not going to kill that
have it clear then also the bad thing that
has is that it is a machine to make
assists you will see how our
attendance ratio will go up
very much using this weapon
because it's going to be assistance back
it's science after resistance then
nothing a pretty bad weapon the truth I
I will not catch it again after
this video then I do not recommend it
but hey here is a guide for more
or less how to use it and nothing I hope
that has helped you that you liked
and until the next video